Well if you want to style slotted content there is a special selector you can use inside your web component.
So inside your shadow Dom styling and that is a special pseudo selector colon colon slot it dismal select
all slotted content and the way it works is that you call this like a function here is the CSX and could
you pass the selector off the slot content.
So now you could say I want to select all slotted content that has the highlight class or all slotted
content that is a span or an anchor tag so anything like that.
Important though you can only select the slotted content itself.
So if for example in my slot at content here in this span I also had an anchor tag in there.
Then what you could not do you could not select slot it and then the spandex would still work because
the slot of content is the span but you can select a child element in the top level slot that content.
So this would not style the anchor tag in your slot at span because you can only select the topmost
element for styling.
This is an important restriction you have here.
So if you have nested content you can't select this but you can select a span or since this is also
directly on the slotted content in our case here.
Do you highlight class and then here what we could do is we could give us a border bottom of one pixel
dotted and read for example save that and go back and reload this page and you will see this slight
red border here.
And if I inspect this again.
You see here is our style and getting applied.
The border bottom is having effect here.
Still important to highlight the order of the styles here.
The styling you set up in the light Dom will overwrite your slotted styling use setup in the shadow
Dom.
And the idea here simply is that you always want to give the user the final say on how things should
look like but you can set up some default styling you want to have as we do it here.
But if we were to set a broader bottom in the light Dom too.
So in our case for the highlight clause if I had a broader bottom of let's say two pixels solid and
blue here then you would see that if we reload this page we see that border instead of our red dotted
border because whilst this rules still gets applied it gets overwritten here.
So this passivity in see us s is such that light Dom styling overrides shadow Dom styling for projected
or slotted content.
This is just one thing to be aware of.
I will comment this out here in the light on because I don't want to override this.
I want to have my red dotted border but it is something you would definitely have to be aware of.
This can be overwritten from inside the light.
Don.